deprecate the operation.py boolean fns (#7319)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/development/deprecations.rst

Pending deprecations
--------------------

> * The boolean functions provided by ``pennylane.operation`` are deprecated. See each function's docstring for equivalent code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The boolean functions provided by ``pennylane.operation`` are deprecated. See each function's source code below for equivalent code to use instead.
```

Author: ```suggestion
* The boolean functions provided by ``pennylane.operation`` are deprecated. See below for alternate code to
  use instead.
```

>   These include ``not_tape``, ``has_gen``, ``has_grad_method``, ``has_multipar``, ``has_nopar``, ``has_unitary_gen``, ``is_measurement``,
>   ``defines_diagonalizing_gates``, and ``gen_is_multi_term_hamiltonian``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  These include :func:`not_tape`, :func:`~.operation.has_gen`, :func:`~.operation.has_grad_method`,
  :func:`~.operation.has_multipar`, :func:`~.operation.has_nopar`, :func:`~.operation.has_unitary_gen`, :func:`~.operation.is_measurement`,
  :func:`~.operation.defines_diagonalizing_gates`, and :func:`~.operation.gen_is_multi_term_hamiltonian`.
```

Pending deprecations
--------------------

* The boolean functions provided by ``pennylane.operation`` are deprecated. See below for alternate code to
  use instead.
  These include :func:`not_tape`, :func:`~.operation.has_gen`, :func:`~.operation.has_grad_method`,
  :func:`~.operation.has_multipar`, :func:`~.operation.has_nopar`, :func:`~.operation.has_unitary_gen`, :func:`~.operation.is_measurement`,

>   :func:`~.operation.defines_diagonalizing_gates`, and :func:`~.operation.gen_is_multi_term_hamiltonian`.

Author: @isaacdevlugt Any idea how to get them to render?

>   :func:`~.operation.defines_diagonalizing_gates`, and :func:`~.operation.gen_is_multi_term_hamiltonian`.

Reviewer: Trying something...

>   :func:`~.operation.defines_diagonalizing_gates`, and :func:`~.operation.gen_is_multi_term_hamiltonian`.

Reviewer: I have no idea :oldmanyellsatsphinx: 🥲 

@albi3ro let's just get rid of the directives here. I think that's fine, since we have the examples below!
